Zhou Jiancong
Don't be too selfish.
You don't tell the truth
How can we find a solution?
Still won't say it?
Is the injury too serious?
He's okay.
Just a hob meat
Is there any other way?
No time to spend with him
There are such people in the world
Judgment is not self-serving
If it weren't for the hundreds of months involved
I don't care about him.
master
Do you have a way to give him some means?
Just write it down
My master told me when I was practicing
How do you get those bystanders?
I never practice that stuff.
I'm good at this
Leave it to me, even if it's dead
I also have a way to get him to talk
If you accidentally kill him
Not only can't save people
I have to eat a coffin
No way.
Your method is useless in Zhou Jiancheng Murakami
I show that I don't want a tooth for a tooth.
Did you hear the surnamed Zhou?
Anything with a human touch
Just say yes.
Master Wei, please bring Jiang Xiaomi back